doc - clarify HTTPS to HTTP routing when TLS offloading is on the NLB (#5428)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/integrations/aws/_index.md

          # NEW AWS Load Balancer Controller
          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type: "external"
          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme: internet-facing
          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-nlb-target-type: "instance"

>           service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-cert: "arn:aws:acm:xxxxxxxxxx" # the ARN of you x509 certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-cert: "arn:aws:acm:xxxxxxxxxx" # the ARN of your x509 certificate
```

          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-ports: "443" # enable TLS on this port
          service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol: http # will not originate HTTPS connection to the backend
          
        httpPort: 80

>         httpsFirst: true # hack for the NLB health check, explained hereafter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        httpsFirst: true # workaround for the NLB health check, as explained later
```

        httpsPort: 443
        type: LoadBalancer
      # **Method A** for proxying from port 443 to port 8080
      podTemplate: 
        # the HTTPS traffic reaching the NLB will be routed to the HTTP Gateway
        httpsPort: 8080
```

The setup above shows how the HTTPS traffic reaching the NLB is redirected to Gloo Edge over port 8080. Also, the NLB will be configured to listen to both on ports 80 and 443. For the port 443 (HTTPS), a certificate will be exposed by the NLB. 

{{% notice info %}}

> Up until this Kubernetes [issue](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/issues/2571) was solved, there was a trick to have the NLB health checks working by changing the order of the ports in the Kubernetes service, using this attribute: `httpsFirst: true`

Reviewer: So the phrasing "Up until this issue" makes me think that this workaround is no longer needed since the linked issue is resolved...is it that you only need to do this workaround for certain versions, or...?
```suggestion
**httpsFirst field**: For Kubernetes version 1.14 or later, you change the order of the ports in the Kubernetes service with the `httpsFirst: true` field so that the NLB health checks work. For more information, see the [Kubernetes issue](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/issues/2571).
```
